---
title: Blog 2
layout: post
author: jake.robertson
permalink: /blog-2/
source-id: 1ASHHSILP9uMbmcEZMWOUygib59LrSLrSuP3V66i8Ivs
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Customising my blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>16/9/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I had a the blog running in its most simple form with a simple layout and one post.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To edit the variables and the code to be able to change what my blog looked like and </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt well by listening carefully to my teacher's instructions and used taking notes on my iPad to good effect as again there were a lot of instructions. I also used the 'html colo(u)r picker’ to my aid as it helped me find the perfect hex code for each colour that I wanted to use for a title or something. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I was limited by how I was determined to find a perfect gif image (which is actually pronounced with a hard g (http://howtoreallypronouncegif.com/)) as I wanted it to be a suitable background and so that it wasn’t too small otherwise it would be split up into too many small versions on the actual blog. I need to work on dealing with it when you can’t find something perfect and have it exactly as planned and I then I need to just try and work with what I can find.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, I will change how quickly I get to writing the blog as the longer I take after the lesson to do things, the less I remember and this also means that I will try my best to work as hard in the lesson as I possibly can to get as much done as possible with everything fresh in my memory and with teachers and classmates available to ask for help.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


