---
title: Blog 7
layout: post
author: jake.robertson
permalink: /blog-7/
source-id: 1fFgOTRdHdMx3J1roUL_mli3V71G9XOFm9Fes70drn8I
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Major blog fixing</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>6/10/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <td>My blog was broken and wasn't updating due to some unknown error in the code.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <td>To fix my blog</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <td>Well, you wouldn’t be seeing this if I hadn’t - so...</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by going through all of the code many times to try and figure out the problem with it and even with help from a teacher, I couldn't pinpoint the issue. I therefore learnt by taking down all of the code modifications I had done (customisations) as I had to delete all of my code and replace it with the original code. I then managed to customise it a bit with some of the customisations that I had previously done. I did manage to get my blog back up and running, but unfortunately I couldn’t completely replicate all that I had done in many weeks in only one week meaning that the blog looks fairly good, but not as good as previously.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Being stubborn limited my learning to an extent as initially I didn’t want to delete all of my progress and start again, but eventually I realised that this was the best/only option since I need an operational blog to get a mark above zero!</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Next time I will be quicker to determine what is the better option, even if one requires more work or deleting some of my progress since I wasted a significant amount of lesson time trying to get it to work by finding the error, and only once I had gone through it multiple times without getting any ideas about how it was broken I realised that it was best to start again.</th>
  </tr>
</table>


