---
title: Blog 4
layout: post
author: jake.robertson
permalink: /blog-4/
source-id: 10xdRfn9cU_DIRg4BKOKEjlwaIZ7GBOV6PAOx9Od4vcE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Preparing for inspection</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>30/9/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I had a customised blog with a basic table, background and with standard, plain colours</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To make my blog look nice with good colours and helpful css customisations</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by using the w3 schools website yet again for the html color (sic) picker and for help with customising my table and backgrounds. I also used a website to find effective colour combinations to make sure that my colours weren't hideous. I also took a lot of time rearranging the colours and assigning them to different places (e.g. background, text, table border etc.) to find the best place to have each colour in.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on collaboration and picking up things from others since there are probably many customisations now that my friends will have which could be useful or look good on my blog.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will look at other people’s blogs to be able to compare mine to theirs to see if mine looks fairly good comparably and to see if there are any interesting customisations that I haven’t discovered. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


