---
title: Blog 3
layout: post
author: jake.robertson
permalink: /blog-3/
source-id: 1X7UqcC_MQjp5pVpC00fHSn-rUQVHfNvIoGnZ4q34oxs
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Further Customisation</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>23/9/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>I had my blog fully set up with some rather hideous fancy customisations</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To customise my blog with more useful customisations like adding a table and to make it look good too.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt well as in my opinion, I made the blog look a lot better than previously, as I was only playing about with customisations the week before. An effective strategy was using the W3 schools website which had tutorials on css customisations which helped a lot as they had very thorough explanations with examples of the code required to do certain things. I also used the html colo(u)r picker that they have as well as this.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on colour combinations and finding perfect colours to combine with each other as backgrounds and fonts to make my blog look better and to have the fonts be easy-to-read.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, I will use the recommended websites to improve the colour scheme on my blog and I will improve my learning by trying to do extra things and good customisations to my blog to be one step ahead and to have some variety over what everyone else has done to customise their blog.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


